Hello
Last time how to enjoy digital content using smartphone and home work
Introduced but this time is here
Playstation 3
Take advantage of it, for example , using the large TV in the living room as digital as before
Say enjoy the content
I would like to introduce you
Got in deep
Here though Persson play station three of the screen settings to connect the other to summer
Yes
Looking at the place called for example flatter audio
This is the last time I used this piercing, though it is already set
Only access here
Now that I want to watch the video of this, there are various settings, but last time save
did
looking at a video of the panel core to decompose the 3 o'clock of the iphone
It is not it that is very easy to Method 4 and about 3 touch
This thing resolution is very low because videos are up youtube for even source
So it's about this fishing
It is hd cone type, too, and save the contents of full high vision as well
Can see
There are additions etc.
Well then
You are a photo, this is also ahead 12
Choose the eggplant you mentioned earlier
If you
I will preempt this
I'm selling a remote control that is not a book for this PlayStation , but
You can easily be with the controller
I used to look at photos and photos for everyone
When
I think everyone will come out well if it is interesting
I thought such a thing
It becomes a slide show like this
By the way there
This has
Hey are you entered the coffee
It Chau It is a genre stuck Kaiserslautern
As for connection, connection with TV is voice
When this hdmi is said to open it is only Japan
I will go to the television
It is very easy after the power supply line is really easy
If you are using Playstation connected to a TV now
You can like such use way now only set in
It is up to here by setting of PlayStation 3 setting
It's a network setting, so long as you have it, it's easy if you have set the last
You can enjoy it so please try it
There the experience even if it read to us please is the best regards